---
layout: post
title: New Job!
description: "Job Hunt & Results"
tags: [post]
image:
  background: triangular.png
---
So I feel really bad that I haven't been doing anything on here lately. Life's
been pretty busy. So I will just stream-of-consciousness this post and 
hopefully from here on out I will get on a better schedule of putting up more 
regular content. Fingers crossed.  

What’s been going on with me? Well. I made it to a year and IBM and I had a 
change in my role there shortly after the Summit. Sadly, it ended up being 
something that I wasn't really interested in and I didn't really really enjoy 
doing. So I started the job hunt.

The wonderful thing about working on OpenStack is that you meet tons of people 
from tons of different companies. So, I started looking within my network if 
there were opportunities to continue working in the community. I talked to 
several of my friends in Cinder about whether their company was hiring or not 
and I kinda came up with a few tiers of companies that I was interested in 
pursuing.

I ended up lucking out and not having to go past my first tier. There were 
three companies in that first group: Pure Storage (a reasonable option), AT&T 
(the most realistic choice), and the OpenStack Foundation (a longshot, but I 
thought it would be pretty cool). 

I had an initial conversation with a recruiter at Pure Storage and she was 
awesome to talk to, but when we started talking about logistics it came down 
to me having to move to Seattle. Now, I'm sure Seattle is an awesome place to 
live and all, but I’m not all that interested in leaving Minnesota. So things 
stopped with them after that first conversation.

With AT&T I went through a few rounds of interviews with one of the guys that 
I had interned with there a few years ago and that all seemed rather promising.
Again though, it came down to our final conversation where I found out I would 
have to move to St. Louis. St. Louis is an awesome city, don't get me wrong; 
I've lived there before and I have tons of family there which is a lot of fun. 
But I really didn't want to leave Minnesota.

While I was interviewing with AT&T, I had also started interviewing with the 
OpenStack Foundation. I didn't really think that anything would come out of 
that because I kind of look at the Foundation as a place where only the best of
the best go. I definitely didn't think that I would be good enough to make it 
to another interview. Life has a funny way of surprising us though and I made i
through round after round of interviews. All in all I had 5 rounds; the last 
round was with two people. With each one I became more and more excited, while 
telling myself that it probably wouldn't happen and I shouldn't get my hopes up
too much.

And then it came. I got an email from Thierry with an offer on it. I could not 
believe it. I wanted to explode I was so happy.

This opportunity that I've been given, to work at the Foundation, and bring 
people into the community and build people in the community up like people have
been done for me. I honestly can't think of a better job right now. Being able 
to give back to the community that has taught me so much in less than a year 
couldn't be more rewarding or fitting for me.

I was surprised at how loyal to cinder and openstack I became and just a few 
months. Loyal to the people and the project itself. I don't know if it's the 
people in Cinder or seeing how a ton of huge companies can come together to work
on a single thing, but I want to give back and help other people see how 
wonderful open source and OpenStack itself is.  

--Kendall

<div xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" about="http://subtlepatterns.com" class="notice">Background images from <span property="dct:title">Subtle Patterns</span> (<a rel="cc:attributionURL" property="cc:attributionName" href="http://subtlepatterns.com">Subtle Patterns</a>) / <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">CC BY-SA 3.0</a></div>
