---
layout: post
title: Week 3
description: "Trying to stay sane."
tags: [post]
image:
  background: triangular.png
---

So this will basically be week 3 of the advised shelter in place and week 2 of the
actual shelter in place ordinace.

We've slowly put a gym together. I bought a bike and have gone for a few rides.
Thats definitely all helped but its not the same. I miss OrangeTheory. I miss
my pole classes. I miss my soccer team.

The weather has sucked. IT HAILED TODAY. HAIL. How am I supposed to
walk or bike outside to retain what's left of my sanity if its HAILING?

I really really wish we were getting into summer already so we could have some
more consistent sun. Any time there is sun EVERYONE goes out which is totally
understandable even though we arent supposed to.. I do and I definitely don't
judge anyone that does. I do my best to keep my distance from people when I
go out, but not everyone does.

I wish people could just wash their hands and cover their mouths and follow
the stupid rules so we can flatten the stupid curve and go back to normal..
but I realize that things may not ever actually go back to how they were
before and that though scares the absolute shit out of me.

More than another month of this scares the absolute shit out of me. 

I had a trip planned to go to London at the end of April.. I am guessing
that will need to get cancelled. 

I wanted to buy a pole for more indoor things to do but they are out of
stock on one of the pieces I need  :'(

Thankfully I do have two flexibility classes a week.. and our little gym in
the garage.. and the bike. I know thats more than a lot of people have
and I am thankful.

Still very scared though.

Things I have baked to help abate the general anxiety:

- Lemon & Raspberry Bundt with a Raspberry Glaze (vegan)
- Chai Scones with a Cinnamon Glaze (vegan)
- Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
- Crumpets (accidentally vegan)
- Sourdough Bread Loaf (thanks for the starter Rosie!)

...if the weather doesn't get better soon I am going to get so fat.

Things on my list to bake:

- Brittany Butter Cake
- Cupcakes of some sort or another
- Lemon Blueberry Cake
- Crackers
- English Muffins
- Chocolate Souffle
- Apple Crisp
- Triple Berry Pie

We'll see what tomorrow brings. 

-Kendall

P.S. Bought a microwave a few days ago and the parts for the old one
still, very surprisingly, have not shown up. We can now reheat things
without pots now though so thats nice. I AM SO THANKFUL TO NOT
HAVE TO ENDLESSLY WASH THE SAME TWO POTS OVER AND
OVER AGAIN.
 
<div xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" about="http://subtlepatterns.com" class="notice">Background images from <span property="dct:title">Subtle Patterns</span> (<a rel="cc:attributionURL" property="cc:attributionName" href="http://subtlepatterns.com">Subtle Patterns</a>) / <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">CC BY-SA 3.0</a></div>
