---
layout: post
title: Week 4
description: "Spending Money in Quarantine"
tags: [post]
image:
  background: triangular.png
---

In general I feel like I am saving money by being home. I don't
go out to eat (we do takeout on $food_delivery_service on occasion
now). I don't work from coffeeshops. I don't drive as much so there's
less gas to pay for.

But then I bought a $900 bike & various accoutrements.

My OTF membership has been put on hold along with the
soccer season and so I don't have to pay for either of those.

Then I bought a pole for $400 and had to cancel a trip to
London and couldn't get all of what I pre-paid for accomodations
back. So that was like.. another $600 out the door. 

I wonder if I will actually end up with more or less money by the
end of this. 

Things I have baked to help abate the general anxiety:

- Lemon & Raspberry Bundt with a Raspberry Glaze (vegan)
- Chai Scones with a Cinnamon Glaze (vegan)
- Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
- Crumpets (accidentally vegan)
- Sourdough Bread Loaf (thanks for the starter Rosie!)
- Sourdough Cheese Crackers
- Sourdough Pretzels
- Apple Crisp

Things on my list to bake:

- Brittany Butter Cake
- Cupcakes of some sort
- Lemon Blueberry Cake
- English Muffins
- Chocolate Souffle
- Triple Berry Pie
- Cardamom Cinnamon Rolls

They've exteded the stay at home order till May. Sooo..more baking. 

-Kendall

P.S. Those microwave parts we were waiting on showed up finally.
We put replaced the old parts in the microwave and it didn't work.
Did some voltmeter testing and have concluded that a fuse is blown.
Whether that was the original issue or not remains to be seen, but
we are now waiting on a fuse..
 
<div xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" about="http://subtlepatterns.com" class="notice">Background images from <span property="dct:title">Subtle Patterns</span> (<a rel="cc:attributionURL" property="cc:attributionName" href="http://subtlepatterns.com">Subtle Patterns</a>) / <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">CC BY-SA 3.0</a></div>
